Add `pkgdir` (#674)
JuliaLang/Compat.jl: README.md

## New functions, macros, and methods

> * `pkgdir(m)` return the root directory of the package that imported module `m` ([#33128]). (since Compat 2.3.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `pkgdir(m)` returns the root directory of the package that imported module `m` ([#33128]).
```
(The next Compat version will be 3.0.0. And I propose to add the versions to the README when bumping the version in Project.toml, see https://github.com/JuliaLang/Compat.jl/issues/263#issuecomment-544988202. But if you prefer, you can also use 3.0.0 here now.)

Reviewer 2: > The next Compat version will be 3.0.0

What changed?

Reviewer: #665 which also removed old derprecations and introduced new ones.

Reviewer: Well, by now it needs to be 3.1.0. I'll just commit the suggestion (not  setting the version number now) and we'll fix it when tagging the next version.
